Fulbright Select Class of  2014 Seniors Open to the World and the Advancement of Women in All Disciplines to Help Save our Planet and So Secure Your Future and That of Your Children ( when you have them ! ):
@
Only five days to the first FINAL progressive Fulbright deadline for the Class of 2014.

Don't get left behind, shut out in the cold. 
Warm your soul today by knowing you reached out to the world via Smith's Fulbright Program 
-- and you know what?
The world opened to you in ways you could not have imagined. 

IMAGINE. 
The world cupped in your palms. Wish upon it. What is your dream?

But like a dream, this opportunity will soon vanish in a wisp. 
It is only an idea until you make it a reality by taking action.

Until you do, you will never know if it is for you, was for you, what you missed, how your fortunes would have soared. 
So yes, you can stick your head in the sand, and never know better.

But if you think highly enough of yourself, you owe yourself to at least look into the possibility of a Fulbright for yourself. 
You cannot however know this without our help because figuring a Fabulous Fulbright for yourself takes seasoned expertise.

So seek the wisdom of the experts and shoot me your short answers to the 12 quick questions at
http://www.smith.edu/fulbright/intro.php 
after doing all reading as directed (including the links on the left) and we will help you decide what is best for you and your future.

IF YOU ARE already at the Registration Level, let me know where you at, or let me see what you got so far.
This is a process of unfolding, and as the process unfolds, so is more revealed.
The more shared with me along the way, the lighter becomes your load and the brighter the way ahead.

There are no dead-ends -- only procrastination, the thief of not only time, but also of your future prospects.
@
Front-Burner Time
It is burning time for you select senior to stand up, light up & be counted for your Fulbright.
There is no time left to lose unless you plan to turn down this Fabulous chance of a lifetime.

Reach out to me today as the window of opportunity comes down, shutting out the sunshine.
Quickly now, slip in under these last dwindling days of hope -- into fields of rapturous heart.
@
But this now has to come to end -- this weekend -- in order to leave enough time, for those of you who are already admitted to the program, to complete a Fulbright application. You know where to find the Deadline Schedule to see how fast you have to catch up.

This should be my last email to this group-list of Fulbright-Select Seniors. From now on, I expect to be group emailing Bulletins only with those already signed up to apply.

I look forward to working with you to craft winning applications and wish those missing out on this Fabulous Fulbright opportunity my best in your alternate post-graduation plans.
@
Too much email is annoying . . .
. . . So is wondering if you missed out on something extraordinary. Right now you are.  

You still have time to become a Fulbright applicant. Don’t allow yourself to wonder if you missed out on a year teaching in Germany or doing research on tropical diseases in Malaysia because you ignored another one of the Smith Fellowships Program’s emails. 

Winning a Fulbright will stay with you for the rest of your life. It not only will help you professionally for decades, but it also serves as one of the most powerful ways for you to give back to your community, school and country. Even if you don’t win, you will dramatically improve your writing skills while gaining a deeper sense of direction and purpose. You will also become part of a larger tradition of Smith students who are willing to put themselves out there and dream big.   

We know you’re busy and the process seems overwhelming, but call us if you have even the vaguest hopes of being a Fulbrighter. Don Andrew and I (Amelia VanderLaan) are here to assist you. We can help you pick a country, design a proposal and tell you candidly if you have what is needed to be competitive. 

We want you to do well. We want you to succeed. But to do that you have to get in touch.    
@
Fulbright-Select Rising Seniors:

As you may know because of Fellowships Program peculiarities this year, we extended the deadlines (on the condition that those submitting their Registration Forms late would still need to catch up with the progressive deadline schedules) but now must warn you that the time left to catch up is all but used up.

Therefore Registration Forms must be submitted immediately, fully completed or otherwise, in order to signal your interest still in applying even if you have fallen behind.

Stand by for more important announcements in the Fellowships Program that will be forthcoming in the next week or so.

Meanwhile pull out all stops and, above all, make contact with me if you want to apply.

Associate Fellowships Adviser Elly Mons is leaving Smith College at the end of this week, so be sure to communicate with me!

But be quick now -- hurry!
@
Even better news is my offer to you of one last chance to register your interest in applying for a Fulbright this year, 
so there isn't a moment to waste.
The opportunity of a lifetime is within your grasp.
Let me hear from you.
@
Because of certain website deadline changes and because of the breaks in our continuous operation, we must extend deadlines for a little while longer until I am again on board and we can take proper stock of our situation.
So there is STILL TIME TO JUMP IN by the skin of your teeth if you move fast.
If you are allowed to start late, you will still be obliged rapidly to catch up with the progressive deadline schedules.

Get your Registration Forms in and completed ASAP.
Don't hesitate to ask for help as needed as it is best to check that you are on the right track before completing the entire form -- perhaps only to find you have been barking up the wrong tree.
We respect your valuable time as we know you do ours too, and those of the about 120 professors across campus involved in our Fulbright program each annual application cycle, in supporting you with your applications, in addition to all the help we are dedicated to giving you.
We look forward to working with you to help you win a Fulbright:
Your passport to a wonderful life -- like no other.  
@
I know a productive, jam-packed Senior year lies ahead of you.
But after graduation, what’s next?

Do you want to put your hard-won Smith education to work while challenging yourself and helping others?

Do you want to gain valuable job-related skills and overseas experience that will help you stand out from the crowd?

Do you want to pursue your current passions, or blaze new trails to find your path in life?

Do you want to join an international network of creative, engaged and globally-minded people?

If you answered “Yes” to any of the above, you should apply for a Fulbright Fellowship through Smith this year. 
Fulbright offers the perfect opportunity for you to do all of the above and so much more.

Act Now! We’re waiting to hear from you!
@
Senior Moment -- Did You Forget ?
Give yourself a gift of a lifetime.

Crown your undergraduate career.

Set yourself up for your post-bac life.

Climb abroad this bandwagon to glory.



The bus is leaving town for the launch pad.

Book your passage on the rocket to the stars.

Embrace the world by accepting a gift to excel.

This is your moment to stand up and be counted.



DEADLINES APPLY 

SO DOES FORGIVENESS

 . . .  IN  SOME  CASES  


Q: Which applies to your applying to our Fellowships Program to apply for your own Fabulous Fulbright through Smith College ?
A: Depends how quick you get in touch with me before the music stops playing any moment now -- or when the dance floor is full.
@
You already know your odds of winning a Fulbright through Smith 
are some of the highest in the nation 
http://www.smith.edu/fulbright/news.php 
yet I still haven’t heard from you. 

What’s up with that?
The application process was long and stressful, but it helped me to evaluate and direct my past experiences and goals in terms of my future plans. That exercise of self-reflection and concise articulation was tremendously helpful in later job application processes.
I cannot think of a single major life choice since that year that hasn't in some way been connected to or influenced by the year I spent on the Fulbright.
Fulbright is a shining star on a resume. I've received internships, jobs, university admissions 
(for MA programs) and further fellowships because of it.
I had one of the best years of my life in Vienna (2008/09) with an amazing group of people. 
I was a good public speaker prior to the experience - after a year of teaching - I'm a great public speaker. I also got to meet an ambassador, go to a ball, and spend a wonderful year in one of the most beautiful cities (in my opinion) in the world. It gave me the time to think about what I wanted to do and be in a community of bright and engaged people who were searching as well.
Don’t delay the start of your Fulbright journey!
@
Your chances in life, with highly valued honors such as the Fulbright, 
or activities that are extraordinarily worthwhile, do not get better than that.
BEWARE: DEADLINES LOOM.
@
It's do or die to the Fulbright.
Stand up and make your mark.

Become more than you imagined.
Dare to dream, dare to take a chance, dare to extend yourself beyond what you believe you are capable of.

We stand by ready and eager to help as many of you fabulous young women, who have been selected to receive this email, exceed your dreams, your belief in yourself.
You will never know what you are capable of until you try this program that has helped hundreds of Smithies soar beyond narrow and restricted ideas of self.
@
You Have Risen
Not from the dead, but from junior year, and are almost a full-fledged senior.
That means one main bright wonderful thing at Smith:

It is time -- high noon -- to wake up fast and put your mind to shaping your Fulbright bid now.
Because time is running our fast with less than a week to the first final progressive deadline.

Get those Registration Forms into me now please, pronto.
Come on Class of 2014, let's not be left in the dust . . . 

We have a world to shape as we shape our lives, and our Fulbrights.
Ample eager help stands by ready to assist: a whole campus of experts.

But you have to be the driver of your own future.
The moment of reckoning is upon you today.

Make your move today towards a wonderful magnificent year after graduation.
The smart ones think and plan ahead, then act swiftly like eagles swooping down.
you get left behind and shut out while your peers move forward towards this dream of a lifetime.
@
A group of fabulous rising seniors has so far been admitted into the Fulbright Program for this application cycle. 
Don’t wait -- Join them!
I have heard from many of you: we exchanged emails or spoke via phone or Skype. 
You may have already submitted your 12 Answers or even a partially completed Registration form.

And then you went silent.
 
Please contact me to let me know where you stand so I know to keep you on my radar. 
The beginning is the most complicated and daunting part of applying for a Fulbright.

Students often make decisions not to apply based on misconceptions, only later to find out that, only if they had spoken 
with me more, we would have found a way to make applying a reality.

The sooner you begin, the better your chances. 
There are certain elements to the application that should be lined up earlier in order to end up with a strong proposal. 

Starting now will not consume you but allow you to proceed steadily, building a compelling submission with help all along the way.
@
Time is running out to grasp the value of what it means to undertake a Fulbright, the importance behind the motivation to win one.
 
While we emphasis winning a Fulbright, this is only because of what you can achieve with a Fulbright Fellowship and what a Fulbright can give you and others – society as a whole, our global community.
 
The future of our planet is your future: You can make a difference for the better if you put your mind to it.
 
It is my honor to be able to help those of you willing to embark on this endeavor.
Or assist those wishing to explore the suitability of this adventure for themselves.
Together we will see if we can find a way for you to realize this unique opportunity of a lifetime.
We have a program that each year involves about 200 people all working towards your success, supporting you all along the way.
 
But first things first, one step at a time.
Just trust the process and you too will have the greatest chance anywhere of succeeding in this noble aspiration of winning a Fulbright – with exceedingly good cause and multiple benefits.
@
Wow! 23 Fulbrights. Claim yours.
You could be among the winners your senior year provided you get moving right away.
Smith's official count for 2012-13 was increased this week with a 23rd offer of a student Fulbright Fellowship.
 
This is a new record for Smith, our last best two years ago with 19 offers.
We had 42 candidates this year, which makes for a 55 percent success rate.
 
This may possibly be the highest success rate in the country among all top-producing institutions.
It might also put us as the overall leading college producer of Fulbrights over the past nine years.
If you have already been introduced to the Registration Level, send me your form or questions.
Either way, keep me on your radar with your Fulbright progress reports.
@
Character is Destiny
Super Senior:

There is less than a month left to the first final progressive deadline to apply for your Fulbright.

Let's get a move on Class of 2014 -- let's put our minds to this now and give it a big push to get this process seriously off the ground.

That means YOU, personally and individually.

Character is destiny. You write your own future by what you do today.

Be the greatest you can be. Pull out the stops and open a world of potential to expand to your limit.

Be all you can be. You will never in your life get another chance this like. Seize it -- email me now.
@
Forewarned is Forearmed with Foresight
Dear Class of 2014 Select Senior:
 
SECURE a place for yourself today with a foot in the fabulous exciting life-changing Fulbright door -- before it closes soon and, in the stampede, shuts you out in the cold. We don’t want that for you and so are giving notice that sooner than you expect the last Fulbright deadlines to apply through Smith will snap in place and be upon us -- sooner than you may realize. “OMG! It’s too late. I’ve lost out.” Let not this be your lament. Make your wise timely move today. Contact me.
 
Don’t wait for the looming deadline rush and be shut out in the crush. Act now before it’s too late. All Enquiries and Registrations to apply through Smith must go through me, the same narrow gate that can admit only so many at a time, while time lasts. And only so many in toto. Contact me now before this window of opportunity closes.
 
Get ahead of the curve today. Secure a place for yourself in our (that includes you) Smith program to apply for a Fulbright through the college -- your only route to this magnificent chance of a lifetime that will enrich your life forever as doors open to you like never before. Ask your elder Smith sisters you have gone before you -- like the 22 offered Fulbrights so far this year! “The thing that stands out on my resume is my Fulbright,” says one alumna, “Everyone asks about that.” And has she gone far!
 
Act now, today, quickly before it’s too late. Procrastination is indeed the thief of time. Still unknown treasures await through the foresight of those smart seniors (that’s you) who know that even if they still do not know what to do for their Fulbright (or even to apply at all) they do know to secure a place in Smith’s program just in case they find a way to realize a dream that may not yet be clear.
 
But hey, that’s why I am here: to help you formulate a winnable desire into a Fulbright reality. Try me. Get serious. Be sincere with yourself to realize your potential. There is no time like the present. Why leave for tomorrow what can be done today? Sleep on, or wake up and make your move today. Make your mark. Here’s a chance in a million to do something spectacular with your life. The first move is in your hands. Reach out to me and I will respond with more help than you can imagine.
 
Great young women like yourself are the hope of the world. I stand by ready to serve you because I believe in you. Now get your Registrations to me A.S.A.P. or let me know where you at, what’s holding you up. I know you’re busy with a jam-packed life -- which is what makes you a great Fulbright prospect. You are out there doing significant things already. So now you have to raise yourself to the next level, the Fulbright level where the stars shine bright.
But don’t wait for the stampede. Be smart. Act now. Contact me today. I look forward to exploring your Fulbright possibilities with you to see how together we can figure a winning approach for you!
@
Fulbright Deadlines Edge Closer
I will help you with all things Fulbright, from whether it is even a good idea for you to apply, all the way to figuring such decisions as choosing the best country for you.
Here at Smith, we work smart with Fulbrights, give the best advice, which is why we excel to the extent of having the highest success rate in the country.

We help you plan the most fulfilling year of your life when you'll accomplish the extraordinary -- and we also play to win.
We are serious and sincere, but are lighthearted in our approach, and urge those of you who want to make a difference in their own lives as well as in the lives of others, to use our skills to help you be all you can be.

Let's get the ball rolling Class of 2014 !
@
Jump On the Fulbright Bandwagon Now!
While you may currently believe you have no interest in applying for a Fulbright, many students
find as their junior year progresses and merges into the start of their senior year that suddenly it
dawns on them that indeed they would like to apply after all. Alas, by that time it may be too
late: their window of opportunity has closed and they are shut out.

Don’t let that happen to you. Avoid the tears later when your friends are applying and you are
left out in the cold.

Contact me now to discuss ideas for your fabulous Fulbright adventure.

Act positively, courageously, make a mark.

Let me hear from you!
@
Fabulous Fulbright News
Most of our Fulbright Fellows had little idea they could win a Fulbright when they first ventured 
into exploring this wonderful option for their lives.
But they began with the one thing that opened this door: they opened their minds to this possibility for themselves.

Find out what you really have in yourself:  applying for a Fulbright is an educational experience that will stand you
in good stead for the rest of your life with skills you cannot imagine you will learn and self-enlightenment that you 
cannot even guess at.

You are exactly in the right place at the right time of your life to have about the best chance to win a Fulbright.
@
Lock in Your Fulbright Place in the Sun Before it Sets
The road ahead for you becomes much smoother and superior, even through the summer when you can tackle the application itself. 

So now's the time to set the stage and get your ducks lined up. Though of course you won't mix your metaphors, will you? 
Let me hear from you! 
Smith Fulbrights (top in the nation) all start by striking up a conversation with me. 
Watch this page as our current batch get offered the Fulbright, currently at 20, and still counting as the results roll in.
@
What a Privilege
Yes, what a privilege to be at Smith, one of the Ivy League Seven Sisters. 
Whether getting in here was easy, or if you had to fight for it, 
here you are about to graduate from an elite private school.
 
Today, just about all you can think of is completing your final semester. 
Before you know it, tomorrow will be the day you are capped with a bachelor's degree. 
The excitement, the relief, the glee, the friends, the honor, the pride.
 
The day after will sneak up on you unless you wake up now and plan ahead. 
Position yourself to be an achiever. 
Make a difference in the world. 
Fulfill yourself. 
Realize a destiny you can look back on as a life well lived.
 
You will have graduated from one of the top schools in the country. 
So how are you going to give back to society for this privilege? 
What are you planning to contribute to the world? 
Fortunately, this does not have to be a hardship.
 
Not at all. After all, if you don't have fun while doing good -- if doing good 
doesn't feed your soul -- then it is hard for what you are doing to be good. 
Success comes from following your bliss, doing what you love. 
Strive to make your dreams come true.
 
The perfect solution is at hand. It is called the Fulbright Fellowship. 
Happiness will come just in applying for it. And you could not have found 
yourself in better place in America right now to succeed in winning a Fulbright 
year overseas after graduation in one of 155 nations because Smith is the leading 
college Fulbright producer in the nation.
 
Don’t look a gift horse in the mouth. Have the maturity to know what a gilt-edged 
opportunity you have within your grasp with just a little oomph from yourself.
A little spark, moral muscle and will power.
 
If you delay, it may be too late. Today is the day to become acquainted with how you can 
do your part to change the world for the better through a Fulbright Fellowship.
@
Every day counts
Yes, this requires a small investment of your time but nothing worth anything ever comes cheap.
The Fulbright is a high road and you are invited to explore it with me to see if it suits your ambitions.
IF  you have already been in contact with me -- stay in contact with me !
Just drop me a quick line to let me know where you at -- you'll be surprised what even just that can yield.
Working with me has all sorts of hidden values that you can't yet imagine because they are beyond your field of experience. 
And it is my joy and pleasure to help you find and realize your dreams.
Try me. You may surprise yourself.
@
April's the Month to Make Your Move
Set yourself up now for a fabulous Fulbright future.
Join hundreds of Smithies before you in the winning tradition of the leading Fulbright college in the country.

This is truly a chance in a lifetime.
Act now before it is too late and you miss out on adding a permanent benefit to your future.

I am seeing juniors in my office, talking to them via Skype and phone, or by email. 
Now is the time to get this ball rolling towards the best year of your life.
@
Juniors want to step through this door before it closes.
Sophomores want to get their foot in this doorway now.
First-Years want to open this door to see what's inside.
@
A Great Array of Fulbright Fellows, Finalists and Advisers
are lined up to speak to you at the Fulbright Blast-Off to share their secrets to Fulbright Fellowship success and answer your questions.
 
Jump on the Fast Track Express to Success
@
Not too late to start = Still time to start
I have been receiving many emails from Juniors thinking it perhaps too late to start the Fulbright application process.
NO, it is not too late to start.
YES, you still have time to start NOW.

You do not need to have any idea at all about what you may do for a Fulbright.
All you need right now is curiosity to see if maybe a Fulbright is in your future following graduation.
I help with the rest. That's what I am expert in/at.
Let's get this show on the road Class of 2014 !
You will never have another chance like this in your lifetime.

Appreciate the value of this offer: Don't look a gift horse in the mouth. Grab this chance NOW with both hands.
Ask the seniors who are currently being named Fulbright Fellows or who are Finalists awaiting word this spring.
Even those few who were not short-listed will attest to the enormous value, like new skills, gained from the application process itself.
Remember that at Smith, you have the best chance in the nation of winning a Fabulous Fulbright -- an extremely excellent chance.
@
Feel free to call me to discuss your possibility of applying for a Fulbright.
You can call me even if you have not thought much about this yet
or if I have already introduced you to the Registration Level and you are stuck or still there
wondering where, how to go next.
Makes no difference: If you are receiving this email from me, it means you have the potential for a Fulbright.

Once you can see a possibility for yourself, everything changes and a whole new world opens up to you.
I specialize in helping you make that wonderful new fuller rewarding life open for you.
If you want an intelligent and productive conversation, make sure I have via email from you your 12 short answers to the 12 quick Enquiry Questions.
I look forward to your call and with speaking with you to see how a Fulbright could work for you -- and change your life, and those of others, for the better.
You have no idea what's in store until you open that door.
@
For Fulbright Success, Timing is Everything
Are you contemplating applying for a Fulbright?
NOW is the time to GET YOURSELF ON MY RADAR.
 
Listen to your peers, the successful ones.
What do they all say? -- START YOUR FULBRIGHT PROCESS EARLY -- they all cry out loud in unison.
 
Use Spring Break to move, or even just nudge, your Fulbright interest ahead.
 
TIME is of the ESSENCE.
Before you know it, exam study period will be upon you and then the semester will be over.
 
SPRING into ACTION.
Brainstorm with your professors now while they are still on campus.
Sketching out ideas (even tentative ones) with them face-to-face will serve you well in the long run.
 
No matter where you are in the process, make contact with me.
The more information you give me to grab hold of to get a sense of who you are and where you’re at, 
the more I can advise you.
 
I am well disposed to those who involve me in their Fulbright thoughts and am keen to help you figure 
a general direction.
In fact, if you do end up applying, I then ensure that the specific direction you take is the one most likely 
of success for you.
 
And I will not encourage you to apply unless I know you have a decent chance of winning.
But let me be the expert judge of this.
GET yourself ON MY RADAR even if you are undecided, only mulling and musing.
And then KEEP YOURSELF on my radar – and don’t wait until professors are incommunicado after April.
@
Seize the Fulbright day
You know a Fulbright could very well be right for you: You are after all a Smithie!
But beyond that gut feeling, maybe you don’t have a clue what to do: Now’s your 
chance to find out.
 
She who hesitates is lost. Seize the moment. Act now. Immediately. Drop everything.
Seriously, as riveting as the Fulbright application process is, you’ll be surprised what fun
is to be had with the right attitude.
@
Exciting Fulbright News for Smith
Have you heard the news?
The Fellowships Program has a new record: 30 Smithies have been named Fulbright Finalists.
Applying for a Fulbright through Smith is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity you definitely want 
to pursue with vigor, pushing procrastination aside.
JUNIORS have not a moment to lose. Spring 2013 deadlines for Registration are fast approaching.  
Act immediately by reaching out to me so we can brainstorm ideas and
keep you moving forward in the process.
@
Audience with the Fulbright Pope
Start the conversation! Get on my radar!
@
In case you hadn't heard
What does it mean to win a Fulbright? It is one of the highest honors that the Unites States of America can bestow on its citizens.
You represent your country for a year overseas after graduating from Smith doing something interesting of your choosing.

In the process, you help build world peace while you build your resume in a way that few other endeavors can compare.
This will open doors for you for the rest of your life because the Fulbright has such high name recognition.

Employers want to hire former Fulbrighters because it affords them boasting rights -- all because the Fulbright is such a high honor in American society -- as will grad schools want to make you offers you can't refuse because they know that someone who has spent a year as a Fulbrighter is an exceptionally accomplished person.packing an extraordinary experience. 

One year may seem inconsequential amid a whole life, something one does not have the time for, and can afford to overlook: Big mistake!
Besides a Fulbright year being remembered as the peak year of one's life, the fact is it remains on your resume forever -- forever to be a boost to your chances to do the things you'd love to do with your life.

And what's more, even the "mere" process of applying for a Fulbright, even just showing an interest in maybe applying, begins to open horizons that you didn't even dream of as it helps you figure and define what your deepest interests truly are and where your greatest strengths lie.

This is where I come in, where some of my greatest skills lie, in helping you through this process of self-discovery and self-realization, of becoming all you can possible become, towards a fulfilling life full of meaning and purpose. And it is my huge joy to work with you!
@
Open Door "Window"
You are invited to take advantage of an open-door opportunity I am offering you to come see me with no strings attached to discuss the possibility of applying for a Fulbright. Or to discuss your further pursuit thereof, if you are already on any Fulbright track.
This is for a limited time only.
@
Afore Ye Exit Campus
Afore U Exit Campus
Spring semester will soon be over and so will opportunities you won*t
have again unless you act now. Of course, you know all the benefits of
applying for a Fulbright because you pay attention to what is in your
best interests. So let*s cut to the chase:

On campus, and that includes campuses abroad, there are hundreds of
professors and others like me willing to help you
shape your dreams into a future reality. That*s a central reason you
are at college: to prepare for an excellent future. To equip yourself to
succeed.

One of the best ways, research shows, of doing this is to consult with
advisers, like professors and like me . Professors are
more passive about offering advice, so you have to take the initiative.
I*m the opposite because I*m so passionate about the Fulbright
because I have seen how it has so dramatically changed student*s lives
for the better. If one can isolate any one key to success, then the
Fulbright prize certainly is a prime contended for the crown.

RIGHT NOW the days are ticking by and, before you know it, you will be
swept up in the equally hectic activities of summer. We kid ourselves
into thinking things will slow down later in order to help cope with the
pressures of the present. But they don*t. That*s life, so the trick
is time management.

This includes making time to squeeze in an exploration of what the
Fulbright might * just might * mean to you. You never know until you
have peeked under the covers. So I*m the person to
help you see how we could make a Fulbright fit you or make you fit a
Fulbright. All depends. On many factors. We*ll see.

Gimme a holler  and let*s figure if this exciting
journey of discovery may be for you. Beautiful thing about it is that
even if it*s not for you, there*s every chance you will quickly
learn more about yourself, and what you want, and who you are, than any
other short exploration.

JUNIORS, the moment of truth has arrived. Even if you are swamped,
reach out to me dandrew@smith.edu now so I can throw you a buoy while
there*s still time. Get me that Registration form a.s.a.p. if I've
elevated you to that level already.

SOPHOMORES, a critical time of choosing majors and planning junior year
abroad, away or remaining on campus, perhaps reaching more into the Five
Colleges. All factors that play into your Fulbright planning that
includes contacting me. 
FIRST-YEARS, a ground-floor opportunity to set yourself up with early
preparations to steer a clear direction towards your Fabulous Fulbright Future.
EVERYONE EMAIL ME QUICKLY to introduce yourself. I
stand by ready and keen to help you realize your dreams * even dreams
you are yet to dream, that you don*t realize you have. (Because you
are still to acquire enough information.) I am the source, so email me and I will introduce you to these exciting pathways
to extraordinary futures.
@
What a privilege to be at Smith. 
Whether getting in here was easy, or if you had to fight for it, here you are at an elite private school. 
 
Today, just about all you can think of is the end of spring semester 2012. 
Before you know it, tomorrow will be the day you are capped with a bachelor's degree. 
The excitement, the relief, the glee, the friends, the honor, the pride. 
 
You graduated from one of the top schools in the country. 
So how are you going to give back to society for this privilege? 
 
What are you planning to contribute to the world? 
Fortunately, this does not have to be a hardship. 
 
Not at all. 
After all, if you don't have fun while doing good -- if doing good doesn't feed your soul -- then it is hard for what you are doing to be good. 
 
The perfect solution is at hand. 
It is called the Fulbright Fellowship. 
 
But if you delay, it will be too late. 
No matter your year, today is the day to act. 
 
The more advanced your college year, the more urgent it is that you immediately act.
Do not miss this fantastic chance to hear from those who have gone before you.
 
Do not withhold good from those to whom it is due, when it is in your power to do it.
@
Famous Fulbright Forum Grand Fellowships Season Re-Launch
This event is a Big Deal. It is a magnificent opportunity.
Don't look a gift horse in the mouth.
 
The ability to recognize a good thing when it comes your way,
then to secure the potential wrapped up in that moment in time,
by striking while the iron is hot, is your passport to success.
 
When you apply for your Fabulous Fulbright through Smith, not only are your chances more than double the national average, the chances of winning a Fabled Fulbright by applying through Smith have been about the highest in the nation.
@
Get a Jumpstart on the New Year and Your Life!
Start the ball rolling now. At least put your big toe in the water. Do you see sharks or your ship coming in? What do you make of the Fulbright? What do you want to make of the Fulbright? A shark or a ship?
 
Your ship of good fortune is anchored in the bay awaiting you to come aboard. I am at helm waiting to show you how to steer yourself to Fulbright success.
 
The ball that must be rolled to jumpstart the process is in your court. I look forward to hearing from you.
 
To begin, you do not have to know anything about the Fulbright except to know that as a Smithie you have the chance of lifetime to steer your life in a direction that will most certainly bring you good fortune by pursuing a Fulbright. But to reel in this big fish, you first have to cast your line into the water to see if you can hook it.
 
However far you go in this process, which begins with an investigation of the suitability of the Fulbright for your good self, you will find out more about yourself, who you are and what you want, in an eye-opening and stimulating way.
 
Come aboard to go abroad to do good in the world for yourself and for others.
